# Draft EOSVibes.IO Constitution v0.1
These are the standards, goals and principles behind the EOSVibes Constitution
1. [Honour and reputation](##1-honour-and-reputation)
2. [Natural Law](#2-natural-law)
3. [Harmony](#3-harmony-and-dispute-resolution)
4. [Responsive and cooperative](#4-responsive-and-cooperative)
5. [Value Focused](#5-value-focused)
6. [Care taking and contribution](#6-caretaking-and-contribution)
7. [Flexible and open to change](#7-flexibility)

## 1. Honour and Reputation
* EOSVibes is an Honour and reputation based organisation, it values above all that its conduct is honourable and to the benefit of the EOS community.
* EOSVibes values and honours their duties and obligations to their fellow EOS token holders.

## 2. Natural Law

> Natural law refers to the use of reason to analyze both social and personal human nature to deduce binding rules of moral behavior. The law of nature, as it is determined by nature, is universal. 
[Everipedia](https://everipedia.org/wiki/Natural_law/)

>The law of nature is implied to be universal, existing independently of the law of a given state, political order, legislature or society at large.
[Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_law/)

It's our belief that Natural Law (not to cause harm, loss or damage) does the best job of simultaneously protecting the rights of man (‘man’ is plural for men, women and children), and protecting maximum freedom of action and freedom of association for everybody.
 
## 3. Harmony (and Dispute Resolution)
All disputes involving EOSVibes will be subject to the arbitration system built-in to the EOS.IO software.

EOSVibes may create Dapps with new governance layers to sit on top of existing in-built EOS governance systems.

We believe that restorative justice is important, meaning any (non-major) first offense is seen as a temporary lapse in one’s personal honour. Mistakes are a part of learning. There is a duty and obligation to give fair and just compensation to any valid claim, which can be compensated in economic value (tokens).
 
## 4. Responsive and Cooperative
EOSVibes agrees to be responsive and cooperative with the EOS Community and all of the other elected EOS Block Producers. If elected, EOSVibes aims to set a high performance and security bar and be an optimum Block Producer.
  
## 5. Value Focused
EOSVibes aims to use the rewards from being an EOS BP to create continuous value for the EOS community. EOSVibes will help promote, develop and fund proposed projects and decentralised applications (Dapps) that improve and benefit the EOS ecosystem.

## 6. Caretaking and Contribution
Most of the products, Dapps and projects created or funded by EOSVibes will have a purpose driven element to them. It is our belief that man’s collective purpose is to be caretakers, stewards and healers of the Earth. Man’s first duty and obligation is to their fellow man and mother nature. We believe everyone has something to contribute and when we work together, anything is possible.
 
## 7. Flexibility
Change is the only constant so the EOSVibes Constitution will remain flexible and open to change via community proposals. EOSVibes also agrees to abide by the EOS Constitution at all times and update our own constitution to reflect any changes in the EOS Constitution.
